{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh15220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Assignment 3\
\
	Reading through the \'93Get Your Mind Right\'94 module, I have to admit that there were more than one identifiers that I found to be challenging for me. Right off the bat, the \'93Patience Makes Perfect\'85\'94 excerpt resinated with me because I sometimes lack the patience it takes to accomplish a tasks. I, like others I am sure, want instant results, taking as little time as possible to complete a task. In my endeavor of learning code on my own, I constantly found that there isn\'92t always a \'93quick resolution\'94 to coding problems and challenges. Seeing this \'93on paper\'94 was a friendly reminder that success isn\'92t measured by how fast you complete a task, but how thorough you are when approaching it.\
	The other excerpt that stood out was \'93Mastering Google Fu\'94. I [sometimes] consider myself a perfectionist, and with that I want to know everything about what it is that I am doing. I sometimes do more harm than good when trying to rely on what I know (or lack thereof) versus searching online. I feel that the resources online where once in my position - stuck trying to figure out a problem. In my mind they were able to solve the problem without any help but how am I to know that they didn\'92t search for a push in the right direction? I related my having to search Google as being potentially inadequate to solve the problem. It is an aspect of humility that I internally struggle with, but will definitely put aside while going through this bootcamp.}